Unit 1
1.	to get in / to get on   上公車(船，飛機)
(to board)
I always get on the bus at 34th Street.
In order to get to Boston, we have to get on the train at Grand Central Station.
※ (1) get in / get into 上(小車)
get on 上(大車、船、飛機)
(2) get in = arrive
The train gets in at noon.
(3) get in = harvest (收割)
 The farmers are getting in their crops.
2.	to get out of / get off   下車(船，飛機)
(to leave; to descend from)
Why don’t we stop and get out of the car for a while?
Helen got off the bus at 42nd Street.
※ (1) get out of 下(小車)
get off 下(大車、船、飛機)
(2) get out of = escape from (逃避；避免)
 I wish I could get out of the meeting.
(3) get off (寄信；脫下)
 I must get this letter off. (寄信)
 Take your coat off / Take off your coat. (脫下)
3.	to put on   穿，戴(衣帽等)
(to have on)
Mary put on her hat and left the room.
Why is John putting on his hat and coat?
※ (1) put on強調「穿」的動作
wear強調「穿著」的狀態 = have on
She is wearing a new dress.
= She has a new dress on.
(2) put on = gain (增加)
 She has put on weight.
4.	to take off   脫去(衣帽)
(to remove)
John took off his hat as he entered the room.
Is Helen going to take off her gloves?
※ (1) take off = remove 除去
(2) take off 起飛
The plane took off on time.
5.	to call up   打電話
(to telephone)
I forgot to call up Mr. Jones yesterday although I promised to call him up exactly at three o’clock.
Did anyone call me up while I was out?
※ (1) call up = ring up = give sb. a ring = give sb. a call = make a phone call to sb.
(2) call up = recall (回憶)
The scenes call up my childhood memories.
6.	to turn on   打開電源
(to start, begin)
Please turn on the light. This room is dark.
Someone turned on the radiator in this room.
※ (1) turn on = switch on
(2) turn on = depend on (視 ~ 而定)
The success of the picnic turns on the weather.
(3) turn on (攻擊)
 The dog turned on me.
7.	to turn off   關閉電源
(to extinguish)
Please turn off the light. We do not need it now.
Shall I turn off the radio?
※ turn off = switch off
8.	right away = at once   立刻
(immediately, at once, very soon, in no time)
Dad says that dinner will be ready right away, so we’d better wash our hands and set the table.
Can you do it right away?
I’ll be there right away.
9.	to pick up   拾起，購員，搭載某人(搭便車)
John picked up the newspaper on his desk.
Harry picked up a new tie downtown yesterday.
I’ll pick you up at 7:00.
※ (1) pick up = lift (舉起)
(2) pick up = gain speed (加快速度)
 The train is picking up.
(3) pick up = learn (學會)
 He picked up English while staying in America.
10. to get up   起床
I get up at seven o’clock every morning.
What time does your brother usually get up?
※ (1) get up 起床 (動作)
be up 起床 (狀態)
(2) get up = rise (起立)
11. to take exercise   做運動
The teacher asks us to take exercise every day.
We should take a walk or play ball to take exercise.
※ take example = get exercise
12. to stop … from   使 ~ 不能；阻止 ~ 使免於
He closed the door to stop me from entering.
The heavy rain stopped us from going or a picnic.
※ stop … from = prevent … from = keep … from
13. to wait for   等待
We waited for him for more than an hour and finally left.
Note: “Wait for” means “to expect” or “to await.”
Who are you waiting for?
※ (1) wait for = await
(2) wait on = serve (侍候)
14. at last   最後，終於
We waited and waited; at last John arrived.
Has he finished that work at last?
※ at last = finally = in the end
15. as usual   照常，仍然
Henry is late for class again as usual.
As usual, Dora is making A’s in all her subjects.
Unit 2
1.	to find out   了解，發現
I was unable to find out the name of the man who called.
Will you please try to find out for me what time that train arrives?
※ (1) find out = discover
(2) find 尋找(強調過程) find out 發現(強調結果)
2.	to look at   望著，注視
The teacher told us to look at the blackboard and not at our books.
I like to walk along the street and look at the windows of the stores.
※ (1) look at = watch 注視
(2) look at = examine 診察
The doctor looked at my throat.
3.	to look for   尋找，期盼
What are you looking you?
He has spent an hour looking for the pen which he lost.
※ look for = search for = hunt for = seek
4.	all right   沒關係，可以
(This idiom can also be spelled alright in informal usage.)
He said that it would be all right to wait in this office for him.
Will it be all right with you if I give you the money tomorrow instead of today?
※ (1) all right = O.K.
(2) That's all right. 沒關係(回答sorry)；不用謝(回答thanks)
5.	little by little   漸漸地，慢慢地
(gradually, slowly)
If you study regularly each day, little by little your English vocabulary will increase.
His health seems to be improving little by little.
※ little by little = by degrees = gradually
6.	to be tired out   非常疲倦
to tire out
I have worked very hard today and am tired out.
He was tired out after his long trip to California.
※ (1) tired out = worn out = exhausted
(2) be tired of 厭倦
be tired with / from 疲倦
7.	to call on   拜訪某人
I called on Mr. Jones yesterday.
They called on us last night but we were not home.
※ (1) call on sb. = visit sb. = look in on sb. = pay a visit to sb. 拜訪某人
(2) call at + 地方 拜訪某地
call at a place = visit a place = pay a visit to a place
(3) call on = ask (要求)
The teacher called on me to answer the question.
8.	never mind   沒關係，不要緊
A: I lost my watch.   B: Never mind. I’ll buy you another one.
A: I’m sorry I forgot to bring your book.   B: Never mind.
※ Never mind. = It doesn't matter.
9.	at first   起先
At first English was difficult for him, but later he made great progress.
At first he seemed to find the work very difficult.
※ at first = in the beginning ↔ (at) last
10. to come to an end   結束
The meeting came to an end at 3.
The war finally came to an end.
※ come to an end = be over = end = finish
11. to arrive at   到達
When will your father arrive at our school?
I often arrive at school at 7:30.
※ arrive at + 小地方
arrive in + 大地方
arrive at / in = get to = reach
12. to turn out   結果變成
Although it looked like rain this morning, it has turned out to be a fine day.
Note: This idiom is used to indicant a result, the end of the action.
The cake turned out to be beautiful.
※ (1) turn out to be = prove to be
(2) turn out = produce (生產)
(3) turn out = turn off (關燈)
13. to pick out   挑選
I want to pick out some ties to give as Christmas presents to my friends.
Which book did you pick out to send to Helen?
※ pick out = choose = select
14. to take one’s time   不急，慢慢來
(to do without rush, not to hurry)
(This idiom is often used in the imperative form.)
There is no hurry. You can take your time doing that work.
He took his time getting ready.
※ (1) take one's time ↔ hurry up
Make haste! = Make time! 趕快
(2) take your time = don't hurry
15. to talk over   討論，商量
(to discuss or consider a situation with others)
We talked over Mr. Reese's plan but could not come to a decision.
I want to talk over these mistakes with you before you begin the next lesson.
※ talk over = discuss
16. to lie down   躺下
(to place oneself in a flat position, to recline)
If you are tired, why don’t you lie down for an hour or so?
The doctor says that Grace must lie down and rest for an hour every afternoon.
※ lie – lay – lain – lying (vi.) 躺；臥
lay – laid – laid – laying (vt.) 放置；下(蛋)
lie – lied – lied – lying (vi.) 說謊
Unit 3
1.	to take care of   照顧
Who will take care of your dog while you are away on your vacation?
I will take care of the matter.
※ (1) take care of = look after = care for = attend to
(2) take care of 應付；處理
2.	to ask for advice   請求忠告
Students usually ask their teachers for advice.
John asks his father for advice.
※ advice (n.) advise (v.)
a piece of advice
3.	all day long   整天，全日
(the entire day)
I have been working on this problem all day long.
She sat at the window and watched the traffic all day long.
※ all day long = all the day = the whole day
4.	by oneself   靠自己，獨立
(alone without assistance)
John did the work by himself. No one helped him.
She likes to walk by herself through the woods.
※ (1) by oneself = alone 獨自(主詞＝受詞, 反身代名詞)
(2) for oneself 靠自己的力量 (獨立)
Do it for yourself.
She lives by herself. (= alone)
(3) beside oneself 發狂 (be beside oneself with 情緒)
The mother was beside herself with grief at the news of her son's death
(4) to oneself 獨占
He kept the room to himself.
5.	on purpose   故意，蓄意
(This idiom is usually used when someone does something wrong or unfair.)
It was no accident. She broke the dish on purpose.
Do you think that he made that mistake on purpose?
※ on purpose = by design = intentionally = deliberately ↔ by accident / by chance / accidentally
6.	to get alone (with)  (1) 相處融恰 (2) 進展順利
(to associate or work well with; to succeed or manage in doing )
He gets along well with his parents.
How are you getting along with your English studies?
The teacher and the students get along perfectly.
※ get along with = get on with
7.	to make no difference   沒關係，沒什麼區別
When I asked him whether he wanted to go in the morning or in the afternoon, he said, "It doesn’t make any difference to me."
Does it make any difference to you whether we have our lesson at ten o’clock or at eleven o’clock?
It makes no difference to me.
※ make no difference = make little difference
It makes a great difference. 關係重大
8.	to take out   取出，拔出；約某人外出
(to remove, to extract; to go on a date with)
William took out his handkerchief and wiped his forehead.
He took out his best girl to dinner.
The thief took out a knife and asked for money.
9.	to take part in   參與
(to be involved in, to participate in)
Henry was sick and could not take part in the meeting last night.
I don’t want to take part in their argument, so I will remain silent.
※ take part in = participate in = join in = have a hand in
10. at all   絲毫，極少
(to any degree)
(This idiom is used with the negative to add emphasis to a statement.)
He said that he did not have any money at all.
She doesn’t speak English at all.
Note: "Not at all" is also used as a polite response to a "Thank you."
A: Thank you very much for your help.
B: Not at all.
※ not … at all = in no way = by no means = not in the least
11. to look up   查出
(if you look up information in a book, on a computer etc, you try to find a particular bit of information there)
Look up the word in the dictionary.
I must look up the number in the telephone book.
※ (1) look up sth. = consult
(2) look up sb. = visit 拜訪
(3) look up = improve 改善
Business is looking up.
12. to wait on   侍候，招待
(to serve in a store or restaurant)
A very pleasant young woman waited on me in Macy's yesterday.
The clerk asked, "Have you been waited on?"
※ wait on = serve
13. at least   至少
(a minimum of, no fewer than)
Every student should spend at least two hours on his homework every night.
The girl is at least ten years old.
※ at least ↔ at most
14. so far   到目前為止
(until now, until the present time)
(This idiom is usually used with the present perfect tense)
So far, this year has been excellent for business. I hope that the good luck continues.
How many idioms have we studied so far?
※ so far = up to now = as yet
15. to take a walk   散步
(to go for a walk, stroll)
Last evening we took a walk along Broadway.
Let's take a walk through the park.
※ take a walk = go for a walk = go for a stroll
16. to try on   試穿，試戴
(to put on a piece of clothing to see if it fits you or if it suits you)
She tired the shoes on but they were too small.
He tried on the hat but it was too big.
17. to think over   考慮，思索
(to consider carefully before deciding)
I shall think over your offer and give you my answer tomorrow.
I don't need to think it over. My mind is already made up.
※ think over = consider
18. to take place   發生，舉行
(to occur, to happen according to plan)
The meeting took place in Constitution Hall.
When does the weeding take place?
※ take place = be held
take the place of = replace 取代
Electricity has taken the place of coal.
19. to put away   拿開，貯存
(to remove from sight, to put in the proper place)
After John finished reading the report, he put it away in his safe.
Mother always tells us to put away our toys after we finish playing.
※ put away = set aside
Unit 4
1.	to be full of   充滿
d restaurant is full of people.
The box is full of books.
※ be full of = be filled with
2.	to sit down   坐下
After standing for so long, it was a pleasure to sit down and rest.
We sat down on a park bench and watched the people pass by.
3.	for a while   一會而
(for a short time)
Please wait here for a while.
Let’s listen to the radio for a while.
※ for a while = for a moment = for a time
4.	to shake hands   握手
I introduced them and they shook hands with each other.
They shook hands and became friends again.
※ shake hands with sb.
5.	to look out   小心，注意
“Look out” John cried as his friend  almost stepped in front of the approaching car.
Look out for the cars as you cross the street.
※ look out = watch out = be careful = take care
6.	to think of   想念，作 ~ 看法，對 ~ 認為
When he was away from home, he thought of his friends and relatives.
What did you think of the movie? I thought it was very interesting.
※ (1) think of = think about 考慮；想念
(2) think of 認為(用在問句)
What do you think of the new idea?
(3) think of 想要
I won't think of going.
7.	to get back   回來
Mr. Harris got back from Chicago last night.
When will you get back?
※ get back = return = come back
8.	to catch (a) cold   感冒
If you go out in this rain, you will surely catch cold.
Many people catch cold in the winter time.
※ catch cold
choose a cold = have a cold
bad a cold
9.	to make up one’s mind   下決心，決意
William has made up his mind not to go to college this year.
When will you make up your mind about your vacation?
※ make up one's mind = determine = decide = resolve
10. to change one’s mind   改變主意
I've changed my mind --- I'll have a beer instead.
No matter what you say, I won't change my mind.
11. for the time being   目前，暫時
For the time being Helen is working in the export department.
We are living in a hotel for the time being, but later we will try to find a small apartment.
※ for the time being = temporarily = for the present
12. to get over   恢復，克復
It took me more than a month to get over my cold.
I do not think that he will ever get over the loss of his wife.
※ get over = recover from = overcome
13. to call off   取消，宣告終止
The game was called off on account of darkness.
The doctor had to call off all his appointments for the day and rush to the hospital.
※ call off = cancel
14. for good   永久，永遠
Ruth has gone back to California for good. She will not return to the East.
Has your friend returned to South America for good?
※ for good = for ever = permanently ↔ temporarily
15. in a hurry   急忙，慌忙
John is in a hurry to catch his train.
She is the kind of person who is always in a hurry.
※ in a hurry = in haste
Unit 5
1.	by the way   順便一提
By the way, have you seen the new picture which is playing at Radio City this week?
By the way, where are you planning to go on your vacation?
2.	would like to   想要
I'd like to go skiing with you; I don’t like to go alone.
Would you like to go for a walk?
※ would like to = feel like + V-ing…
3.	to hang up   懸掛，掛斷
He hung up his coat in the closet.
The operator told me to hang up and dial the same number again.
※ hang – hung – hung 懸掛
hang – hanged – hanged 絞死
4.	to leave sb. / sth. out   漏掉，刪除
You've left out a zero in this phone number. 這電話號碼漏掉一個零。
In reading the sentences she often leaves out the verbs.
※ leave out = omit
5.	to count on   依賴
We are counting on you to help us with this.
Don't count on him to lend you any money.
※ count on = depend on = rely on
6.	to make friends   交朋友
(to meet people and become friendly with them)
Jenny has always found it easy to make friends at school.
During the cruise William made friends with several people from Canada.
7.	out of order   故障
The elevator was out of order and we had to walk to the tenth floor.
My telephone is out of order.
8.	to get to a place   到達某處
I missed the bus and didn’t get to the office until ten o’clock.
This train gets to Chicago at eleven o’clock tonight.
※ get to = reach = arrive at
9.	at times   有時候
At times he does much better work.
He is a strange man；at times he is very talkative and at other times he will not say a word.
※ at times = sometimes = now and then = once in a while = occasionally = on occasion
10. to look over sth   檢查
I want to look over these exercises before I give them to the teacher.
He signed the contract without even looking it over.
※ look over = examine = inspect
11. to have time off   有空
He works only five days a week and has every Saturday and Sunday off.
I expect to have some time off next week.
12. to keep on   繼續
John kept on talking although the teacher asked him several times to stop.
They kept on playing the radio until three o’clock in the morning.
※ keep on + V-ing… = continue + V-ing…
13. to put out   熄滅
(to make a fire etc stop burning) (to make a light stop working by pressing or turning a button)
Put out a fire / cigarette / light / lamp
Please put out the light before you leave the room.
The firemen worked hard but were unable to put out the fire.
※ put out = extinguish
14. all of a sudden   突然
All of a sudden John appeared at the door.
All of a sudden he got up and left the room.
※ all of a sudden = suddenly = all at once
15. to be about to   即將
I was just about to leave when you telephoned.
We were about to go to bed when we heard a strange noise outside.
※ be about to + VR = be on the point of + V-ing…
Unit 6
1.	to hurry up   趕快
Hurry up, or you will be late for breakfast.
“Hurry up,” shouted the man.
※ hurry up = make haste
2.	on the way   在途中
On the way, they saw many cars going in the same direction.
I go to work by bus and on the way I read the newspaper.
3.	to be obliged to   不得不
People are obliged to follow the traffic rules.
I was obliged to move because the house was sold.
※ be obliged to = be forced to = be compelled to = have to
4.	to point out   指出
(to show sth. to sb. by point at it) (to tell sb. sth. that they did not already know or had not thought about)
They walked into the car park and Cook pointed out his new car.
The teacher pointed out the mistakes in my composition.
※ point out = indicate
5.	to be over   結束，完畢
After the dance was over, we all went to a restaurant.
The meeting will not be over until noon.
※ be over = be finished = be through
6.	on time   準時
We must hurry if we wish to arrive at the meeting on time.
The train left on time.
※ on time = punctually
in time 及時
7.	in time   及時
We got to the movie just in time to see the main picture.
We arrived at the station in time to catch the train.
8.	to get better   變好
(to improve)
to get worse   變壞
He has been sick for a month, but now he is getting better.
His cold seems to be getting worse.
9.	to get sick   生病
to get well   康復
He got sick yesterday but he got well quickly.
It is easy to get sick in this kind of weather.
10. had better   最好
I think you’d better speak to Mr. Smith immediately about this matter.
You had better not go to the movie if you have a bad cold.
※ had better + VR 最好
= do well to + VR
11. would rather   寧願
(5) would rather + that-cl (假設法過去式)
I’d rather go for a walk than see a movie tonight.
Notes： “Would rather” is followed by the simple form of the verb.
He would rather drive than take a train.
I would rather that you didn't do that.
※ would rather … than … 寧願 ~ 也不願 ~
= prefer to … rather than …
12. to figure out   算出，想出
This letter is so badly written that I can’t figure out what the writer is trying to say.
Just as soon as I can figure out the cost of the trip, I will let you know.
※ figure out = make out = calculate = understand
13. to put off   延遲，延續
The meeting was put off until next week.
We had to put off the trip because of the rain.
※ put off = postpone = delay
14. to dissuade from   勸 ~ 不要 ~
Tom dissuaded me from going on a diet.
The father dissuaded his son from marrying that girl.
※ dissuade from = talk sb. out of
劝 ~ 做 ~
persuade sb. to VR
talk sb. into V-ing…
15. to get tired of   對 ~ 感到厭倦
People will soon get tired of you if you behave in that way.
I am getting tired of studying; let’s go for a walk.
※ get tired of = get weary of = get bored with
Unit 7
1.	what do you say to + V-ing…   ~ 如何
What do you say to telling him the truth?
What do you say to playing a game of tennis?
※ What do you say to + V-ing…
= What do you think of + V-ing…
= How about + V-ing…
2.	to be about to   即將
I was just about to leave when you telephoned.
We were about to go to bed when we heard a strange noise outside.
※ be about to + VR = be on the point of + V-ing…
3.	to turn around   轉身
I turned around and saw that Gertrude was sitting directly behind me.
He turned around so that he could look at the new picture on the wall.
4.	to take turns   輪流
During the trip John and I took turns driving the car; he would drive for about one hundred miles and then I would drive for about another one hundred miles.
There was only one book, so the two students had to take turns reading it.
※ take turns + V-ing…
take turns at + V-ing…
take turns in + V-ing…
by turns
in turn
5.	to pay attention to   注意
He never pays attention to anything she says.
You will have to pay more attention to your work if you want to get good marks.
※ pay attention to = give attention to
6.	over and over (again)   反覆；再三地
The only way to learn the script is to say it to yourself over and over again. 背熟劇本唯一的辦法便是自我反覆在三地唸。
I have told him the same thing over and over, but he doesn't seem to listen.
※ over and over = repeatedly
7.	to wear out   磨損
(to cause a lot of damage to sth. by using it a lot or for a log time so that it can no longer be used)
to wear sth. out   穿破
He wears out his shoes very quickly.
If you wear that suit every day, you will soon wear it out.
※ wear out (人) 筋疲力盡
= tire out = exhaust
8.	to throw away   拋棄
When my clothes are worn out, I generally throw them away.
Don’t throw away those magazines; we can give them to the hospital.
※ throw away = discard
9.	to fall in love with sb.   愛上某人
They fell in love when they were students in high school.
John fell in love with Mary.
※ fall (fell, fallen) in love with
be in love with
He is in love with her.
10. to go out   離開，熄滅
When I telephoned they told me that he had gone out.
The light went out.
The fire went out.
11. as yet   到目前為止
We haven’t heard from Mary as yet.
As yet we have not had an answer from him.
※ as yet = so far = to date = up to now
常用於否定句，置句首或句尾
12. to have … to do with   與 ~ 有關
I have nothing to do with it.
Does Mr. Reese have anything to do with the work of the export department?
What have you to do with the case?
※ have something to do with
have much to do with
have a lot to do with
have little to do with
13. from then on   從那時起
He formed the habit of getting up early from then on.
From then on I never saw her again.
※ from now on 從現在起
14. to wake up   醒來，喚醒
I woke up this morning very early but did not get up at until about ten o’clock.
Please wake me up at seven o’clock.
※ wake up 叫醒(常用主動)
be awake 醒著(狀態)
Unit 8
1.	to be in charge of   管理，負責
The red-haired man has charge of this supermarket.
Who is in charge of the arrangements for the dance?
2.	to get / keep in touch with   與 ~ 聯絡
You can get in touch with him by calling Hotel Weston.
I have been trying to get in touch with him all day.
※ get in touch with = contact
keep in touch with 保持聯繫
lose touch with 失去聯繫
3.	to have a good time   過得愉快
We all had a good time at the party last night.
Did you have a good time at the dance?
※ have a good time = have fun = enjoy oneself
4.	to take care of   (1) 照顧 (2) 處理，應付 (3) 承擔(費用)
Who's taking care of the dog while you're away?
Mr. Johnson takes care of all our legal problems.
I'll take care of the check.
5.	once in a while   偶爾
Previously I saw him very often but now he comes here only once in a while.
We go to the movies only once in a while.
※ once in a while = occasionally = now and then
6.	quite a few   很多，不少
(3) few 很少的(否定意味)； a few 一些(肯定意味)
Quite a few students were absent yesterday.
We still have quite a few of those hats left.
※ quite a few = many
only a few = few
7.	used to   過去常常
I used to buy my suits at Macy’s. Now I buy them at Broadstreet’s.
My grandmother used to love gardening.
8.	to be used to   習慣於 ~；對 ~ 習慣
They used to go swimming in the lake but now they are used to swimming in the pool.
He is used to working late at night.
※ be used to + V-ing… / N
= be accustomed to + V-ing… / N
get used to 變得習慣
9.	to get used to   逐漸習慣
I can’t seem to get used to wearing glasses.
You will soon get used to the climate here.
10. to make believe   假裝
George made believe that he was sick so that he would not have to go to school.
The children made believe that they were Indians.
※ make believe = pretend
11. smaller and smaller (increasingly small)   越來越小
With the coming of spring, it is getting warmer and warmer.
My grandmother is getting deaf and deaf.
12. as soon as   一 ~ 就 ~
As soon as the first snow falls, we will put on our snow coats.
I will telephone you as soon as I get there.
※ as soon as = the moment = the instant = directly = instantly
Unit 9
1.	to go on   繼續
John went on reading and paid no attention to any of us.
The program must go on.
※ go on + V-ing…
2.	no longer   不再 ~
He was very angry and would not talk to me any more.
Since he left the country, I no longer see him.
※ no longer = not … any longer
no more = not … any more
當時間 = no longer
當數量 = no more
He is no longer a student.
I have no more money.
3.	to make sure   確定，務必
Mark sure to turn off the radio before you go out.
We would like to make sure that he is not in the office.
※ make sure to VR = be sure to VR
make sure of + N
make sure that-cl
4.	every now and then   偶爾
I like to eat Malay food every now and then.
Every now and then we have a picnic near the lake.
※ every now and then = occasionally
 = sometimes
 = from time to time
 = every so often
 = once in a while
5.	to make out   表現，成功
I did not make out very well on my last examination.
How are you making out in your new job?
※ make out = get along
6.	to keep house   做家事
He said that he wanted bus wife to keep house and not to work in an office.
Since her mother died, Mary has been keeping house for her father.
7.	to come from   出生於，來自於
I thought that he came from Texas but it seems that he comes from New England.
What part of South America does she come from?
※ come from = hail from = be from
Where are you from?
8.	to make good time   以高速駕車旅行
We make very good time on our trip to Florida.
It rained all the time, so we didn’t make good time.
9.	to mix up / to be mixed up / to get mixed up   混淆，迷惑
Instead of helping me, his explanation only mixed me up.
We got mixed up in the crowd and were soon separated.
10. to see about   照顧
Who is going to see about getting us a new room in which to study?
I’ll see about it tomorrow.
※ see about = attend to = take care of = see to
11. to get rid of   擺脫
We can’t seem to get rid of the mice in our apartment.
I bought a new car because I wanted to get rid of my old one.
12. by heart   熟記
He knows many of Lincoln’s Gettysburg speech by heart.
You should learn these new words by heart.
※ learn … by heart = memorize
13. on no account   決不
You must on no account swim in the pond.
We can on no account accept this offer.
※ on no account
on no consideration
in no case
in no way
by no means
Unit 10
1.	to keep out / off / away from   遠離
There was a large sign just outside the door which said：“Danger! Keep out!”
Keep the dog out of the garden.
2.	to find fault with   挑剔
It is very easy to find with the work of others.
She is always finding fault with her husband.
3.	off and on   斷斷續續地
We don’t go there often- just off and on.
It rained off and on all day long.
※ off and on = on and off ↔ continuously
4.	to catch fire   著火
No one knows how the building caught fire.
Be careful that your clothes don’t catch fire.
5.	to look into   調查
The police are looking into the past record of the man.
The committee will look into the specific details of the plan.
※ look into = investigate
6.	to take hold of   抓住
They each took hold of one of the table and moved it easily.
The blind man took hold of my arm.
※ take hold of = catch hold of = seize = grasp
7.	to be out of the question   不可能
When I asked him whether he could go with us, he said that it was out of the question at that time.
It is out of the question for me to buy a new car this year.
※ out of the question = impossible
8.	to get through   結束，完成
I didn’t get through studying last night until almost eleven o’clock.
What time does your brother get trough work every day?
※ get through = finish
9.	all at once   突然
All at once the sky became dark and it started to rain.
All at once the chair broke and he fell to the floor.
※ all at once = suddenly
10. to keep track of   追蹤
Do you keep track of the long distance telephone calls which you make in your office each month?
It is difficult to keep track of all the new students by name.
※ keep track of ↔ lose track of
11. to call sb. down   責罵某人
John was called down by his boss for coming late to work.
The mother called her son down for walking with muddy shoes on the clean floor.
※ call sb. down = scold sb. = dress sb. down = tell sb. off
12. It is up to someone to + VR / whether 子句   由某人決定
It's up to you [whether we go or not. It's not up to me].
It's up to us to help those in need.
※ be up to sb. = depend on sb.
13. to set fire to sth.   放火
No one knows who set fire to the building.
set sth. on fire
14. to be up to date   最新式的
This catalogue is not up to date, It was published several years ago.
The machinery in this factory is up to date.
※ up to date = modern ↔ out of date
15. to blow up   爆炸
When the torpedo struck it, the ship immediately blew up.
The soldiers blew up the bridge so that the enemy could not follow them.
※ blow up = explode
Unit 11
1.	to do something over   重做
You should do this work over. 你該把這工作重做一次
The teacher made him do the exercise over.
2.	to burn down   燒毀
Their home burned down and they had to build a new one.
The fire spread quickly and the whole village burned down.
※ burn down (建築物)
burn up (東西)
burn out (燈泡、保險絲)
3.	to burn up   燒光
He burned up the letter and threw the ashes into the fireplace.
All of his books were burned up in the fire.
4.	to burn out   燒斷
If you overload that fuse, you will burn it out.
The light bulb has burned out.
5.	to make good   成功
He is a hard worker, and I am sure that he will make good in that job.
He made good in the war.
※ make good = succeed
6.	It stands to reason + that 子句   顯然
(It is clear, logical or obvious.)
It stands to reason that if he never prepares his lessons he is not going to make good progress.
It stands to reason that he will succeed.
7.	to break out   爆發，突然發生
(to happen suddenly)
The newspaper says that an epidemic of influenza has just broken out in London.
A fire broke out in the storeroom last night.
8.	as to   至於，有關
As to money, we will simply have to borrow some form Mr. Smith.
As to that, I have nothing to say.
※ as to = as regards = with regard to = regarding = concerning = about
9.	to feel sorry for   同情
I feel sorry for anyone who has to do that kind of work.
I feel sorry for him because he has no friends.
※ feel sorry for = take pity on = sympathize with
10. to take sth. for granted   認為 ~ 為理所當然
He spoke English so well that I took it for granted that he was an American.
He never says "Hello" to me; he seems to take my friendship for granted.
11. out of date   過時的
The suit he was dressed in was out of date.
These files are out of date.
※ out of date = old fashioned ↔ up to date
12. to stir up   激起，煽動，攪動
No one likes to make friends with John for he usually stirs up trouble.
He stirred up the fire.
13. to break down   拋錨
Our car broke down, and they had to tow it to a garage.
The elevator broke down.
※ break down (機械) 故障，(談判) 破裂，(身體) 崩潰
14. to turn out to be   結果成為
The rumor turn out to be true.
He turned out to be a thief.
15. to become of   發生
What has become of my fountain pen? I had it here ten minutes ago.
I wonder what will become of him.
※ become of = happen to
16. to give up   投降，放棄
The enemy gave up without any resistance.
I give up; tell me the answer.
Don't give up hope.
※ give up = surrender = yield
Lesson 12
1.	to take pity on   憐恤
She finally took pity on him lent some money.
He took pity on the beggar.
※ take pity on = have pity on = feel sorry for
2.	to cross out   刪除
(to draw a line or lines through sth. you have written or drawn, usually because it is wrong)
The teacher crossed out the incorrect words in my composition.
Why did you cross out the last line of your letter?
3.	to take something into account   考慮
In judging her work you should take into account that she has been quite sick recently.
We must take into account his past record of service.
※ take into account = take consideration
4.	to make clear   解釋說明
The teacher made clear my mistake.
He made clear that he would not accept the offer.
※ make clear = explain = clarify
5.	to take a look at   看一看
Take a look at the hat Helen is wearing today.
The doctor took a look at my throat.
6.	to have … on   穿著 (2) put on (指動作)
How do you like the hat which Grace has on today?
He had a new suit on.
※ have … on = be wearing
7.	to come to   清醒，恢復知覺
She fainted and it was at least half an hour before she came to.
At first the doctor thought the man was dead, but he soon came to.
※ come to = come around
8.	to call for   去取物，去找人
He promised to call for me at seven o’clock.
I’m going to call for my dress at the cleaner’s.
※ call for = require 需要
The situation calls for immediate action.
9.	to turn a deaf ear to   不願聽；對 ~ 充耳不聞
Annie is so stubborn that she usually turns a deaf ear to my advice.
The government turned a deaf ear to our urgent appeal.
10. to eat in   在家出飯
to eat out   到餐館吃飯
We usually eat in, but tonight we are going to eat out.
When you eat out, what restaurant do you generally go to?
11. to play tricks on / to play jokes on   戲弄，開玩笑
The older boys are always playing tricks on the younger ones.
It is cruel to play tricks on a blind man.
12. to look after   照顧
Helen will look after the baby while we go to the movies.
Who is going to look after your work while you are gone?
13. to feel like + Ving   想要
I don’t feel like studying tonight. Let’s go to a movie.
I feel like taking a long walk.
※ feel like + V-ing… = would like to + VR
14. once and for all   斷然地（只此一次下不為例）
I told him once and for all that I wouldn’t go there.
I want you to know once and for all that I will never marry you.
15. to hear from   接到某人來信或消息
Have you heard from Sarah lately?
I don’t hear from my sister very often.
※ hear from = receive a letter / news from
16. to hear of   有關 ~ 的消息
I've never heard of him.
Have you ever heard of the President of the United States?
17. to make fun of sb. / sth.   嘲笑
(to make a joke about someone that is insulting or makes them feel bad)
The kids at school always made fun of Jill's clothes.
Don't make fun of others' mistakes.
※ make fun of = poke fun at = laugh at = ridicule
18. to come true   實現
What the newspaper said about the weather for today has certainly come true.
I hope my dream will come true.
※ come true = be realized
19. as a matter of fact   事實上，其實
He thinks he knows English well, but as a matter of fact, he speaks very poorly.
I didn't answer his letter; as a matter of fact, I haven't even read it.
※ as a matter of fact = in fact = in reality = actually
20. to have one’s own way / to get one’s own way   一意孤行
He has his won way in everything. 他凡事都隨心所欲。
If you act like a child, you can’t have your own way.
21. to look forward to   期待
We are looking forward to my uncle’s visit with great pleasure.
I look forward to seeing you soon.
※ look forward to + V-ing… / N
22. to one's relief   令人欣慰的是
To our great relief, the miners were all saved.
To my relief, he was safe.
23. as if / as though  彷彿
He looks as if he were dying.
He acts as if he knew the secret.
Lesson 14
1.	in vain   徒勞
All our efforts were in vain.
I tried in vain to persuade him.
