Unit 15
1.	inside out   翻轉
upside down   倒置
The wind blew Mary’s umbrella inside out.
For some reason John had put his sweater on inside out.
After the accident both cars lay in the street upside down.
※ (1) inside out 內外翻轉
(2) upside down 上下倒置
2. to fill out   填寫
Fill out this application blank. 填寫這張申請表。
3. to take advantage of   利用，佔(某人)便宜
I took advantage of the special sale and bought a half dozen new shirts.
He took advantage of their kindness and stayed a whole month without paying them anything.
※ (1) take advantage of = make use of = avail oneself of
(2) take advantage of sth. 利用某事物
take advantage of sb. 欺騙某人
4. no matter   不論
No matter how much money he spends on his clothes, he never looks well dressed.
No matter where he tries to hide, the police will find him.
5. to take up   攻讀
William wants to take up medicine when he goes to college.
What is your brother taking up at Columbia University?
※ (1) take up + N
take Pron up
(2) take up 佔據，耗費
The work takes up too much time. 這工作耗費太多時間。
6. to take sth. up with sb.   著手處理，諮商
(to do sth. about an idea or suggestion that you have been considering )
I'm going to take this matter up with my lawyer. 
我將找我的律師著手處理此事。
7. to take after   與~相像
()
With her light hair and blue eyes, Mary seems to take after her mother, but in her character she is more like her father.
Which of your parents do you take after?
※ take after = resemble
He strongly looks like his father. 他極像他的父親。
= He strongly resembles / look like his father.
= He is the very image of his father.
= He is as like his father as two peas.
8. in the long run   終於
In the long run, this material will wear better than the other.
You will find that, in the long run, Helen will turn out to be your best friend.
※ in the long run = in the end = finally = eventually = at last = at length
9. out of   沒有，出自
This catalogue is out of date. It was published long ago.
This telephone is out of order. Use the other.
She was out of town for a few days.
That firm has gone out of business.
The plane went slowly out of sight.
The poor fellow went out of his mind and was put in a sanatorium.
This piano is out of tune.
I’m afraid that we are out of gas.
He has been out of work for a long time.
※ out of date = out of fashion = old fashioned 退流行
out of order ↔ in order 井然有序
out of sight ↔ in sight 看的到
Out of sight, out of mind. 眼不見為淨
out of tune ↔ in tune 正確的音調
out of work = out of a job
10. to run out of   用完
The troops ran out of ammunition and had to withdraw.
We ran out of gas right in the middle of the main street.
※ run out of = use up = exhaust
11. come to one's aid   前來援助某人
When I get into trouble, Mary always comes to my aid.
When the police are trying to find the criminal, the detective usually goes to their aid.
12. can not but   不得不
On hearing the music, he could not but dance with it.
The hunter is so brave that I can not but admire his courage.
※「不得不」
can not help + V-ing…
can not help but + VR
can not choose but + VR
have no choice but to + VR
It is so hot that I can not but sweat.
= It is so hot that I can not help but sweat
= It is so hot that I can not help sweating.
Her cousin had no choice but to go to the concert with her.
Unit 16
1.	every so often / every now and then    偶爾
He goes there now and then / again.
※ every now and then = sometimes
2. to get along with與 ~ 和好相處
Mr. Smith gets along well with all his employees.
Mr. and Mrs. Jones do not get along well. They quarrel constantly.
※ (1) 若無受詞則with省略 They do not get along.
(2) 常與very well / quite well連用
All of the classmates get along very well.
(3) get along 前進，進展
How are you getting along in your job? 
你的工作進展的怎樣？
3. to be hard of hearing   重聽
You will have to speak a little louder. Mr. Evans is hard of hearing.
Please don’t shout. I’m not hard of hearing.
※ hard of hearing 聽覺遲鈍
quick of hearing 聽覺敏銳
deaf 全聾
4. to let go of something   釋放某物
As soon as the policeman let go of the boy, he ran away.
Don’t let go of the rope until I tell you.
※ (1) let go of = release
(2) let it go 算了吧
5. to keep in mind / to bear in mind   記住
Please keep in mind that you promised to call her at two o’clock.
You should bear in mind that he is not as strong as he used to be.
※ (1) keep pron. in mind 
(2) keep in mind that-cl
You have to be home by ten o'clock. Keep that in mind.
6. to run over輾過
Why doesn’t he drive more carefully? He almost ran over that child.
The man was run over by a train and killed.
※ 不可分雙字動詞，over 為介詞
7. to keep an eye on留意
Keep an eye on my suitcase while I buy my ticket.
They are going to keep an eye on your apartment while we are away.
※ (1) keep an eye on = have one's eye on = to watch = guard 
(2) 不可分雙字動詞
8. take pride in  以…為榮
He takes (a) great pride in being a member of the club.
Tim took pride in his school record.
※ take pride in = pride oneself on = be proud of
He prides himself on his ability to speak French.
9. rain or shine  不論晴雨
Rain or shine, the game will be played.
Rain or shine, you can see the joggers jogging on the campus.
10. to go off  爆炸，離開
The firecracker went off with a bang.
The gun went off while he was cleaning it, and the bullet almost struck his wife.
John went off without saying goodbye to anyone.
※ (1) 為不及物動詞 = explode
(2) go off 自行爆炸
set / let off 使 ~ 爆炸 
Someone let off a firecracker outside the front door. 放鞭炮
 Lesson 17
1.	to shut off   關閉
Please shut off that faucet. The dripping of the water annoys me.
After the storm the electricity was off for several hours.
※ 當vi.
The generator shuts off automatically. 發電機自動關掉。
2.	to shut up   關閉，住嘴
They have shut up their house and gone to the country for the summer.
She told him to shut up and not to say anything more about it.
※ 亦可當vt.，表「令某人住嘴」= keep one's shut up
Once he starts talking, nothing can shut him up.
3. to blow out   爆裂，吹熄(蠟燭)，燒斷(保險絲)
On our trip to Florida one of our tires blew out.
If a tire blows out while one is driving at high speed, it can be very dangerous.
May I blow out the candle?
The toaster will blow the fuse out.
4. keep up with   趕上；保持 ~ 一樣的速度
Helen works so fast that no one in the office can keep up with her.
You'll have to walk more slowly. I can't keep up with you.
※ keep up with sb. = keep pace with sb. 與某人並駕齊驅
keep up with ↔ fall / get behind 落後
5. to turn down   减低速度，降低音量 / 光度，拒絕
Please turn down the radio. It is too loud.
His application for a position with that company was turned down.
William tried to join the navy but was turned down because of his poor eyesight.
Turn the light down; it's too bright.
※ turn down ↔ turn up
6. to break in   (1) 調整；適應 (2) 插嘴 (3) 闖入
These new shoes are hurting me. I'll be glad when they are broken in.
It is better to break in a new car slowly, driving at moderate speed for the first 500 miles.
It is impolite to break in while others are talking.
Thieves had broken in during the night.
7. to have got to do sth.   必須
I've got to be back by two o'clock.
He has got to go to Chicago tonight.
We've got to see him today.
※ have got to do sth. = have to do sth. = be obliged to do sth. = must
8. on the alert 注意
The thieves are constantly on the alert not to be caught by the police.
He was instructed to be on the alert for any indication of a surprise attack from the enemy.
※ on the alert + for + N
on the alert against an attack
on the alert to do sth.
9. above all 最重要的
()
Above all, don’t mention this to Henry.
He does well in all his subjects but, above all, in mathematics.
※ above all = mainly = especially

Unit 18
1. to do without   免除；無需
With prices so high I will to do without a new suit this year.
In his business he cannot do without a car.
※ do without ↔ do with
I haven’t eaten since noon and could do with a little supper.
2. to try out   試驗，試用
They let me try out the machine for several days before buying it.
The government is trying out various new forms of jet airplanes.
※ to try out = to test
3. to be bound for somewhere   前往某地
The ship is bound for Keelung.
Where are you bound for?
※ be bound for = start for = leave for = set out for = head for = make for
4. to watch out for   警戒，留意
There was a sign near the road saying, “Watch Out For Falling Rocks!”
“Watch out! There is a car coming!”shouted Tom.
※ (1) watch out = look out
(2) 若接受詞則須加for，watch out for sth. 
5. to be bound to   必定；必然
We are bound to be late if you don’t hurry.
With business improving, they are bound to make money this year.
※ be bound to-V = be sure / certain to-V 必定
6. to take someone for   誤認；錯認
(to mistake a person for someone else)
With his dark skin and eyes I took him for an Italian.
Do you take me for a fool?
※ (1) to take A for B = mistake A for B
(2) pass for 冒充 ~，被認為 ~ （只可用主動）
She can pass for her sister, for they look much alike. 
她冒充她妹妹，因為長的太像了。
7. to grow out of   戒除；因長大而不合用
He has a habit of shaking his head, but the doctor thinks that he will grow out of it.
As a child she used to stutter but she grew out of it.
The little girl has grown out of her dresses.
※ grow out of = outgrow
8. to make the best of   逆來順受
If we cannot find an apartment, we will continue living here and simply make the best of it.
They have had bad luck, but they always make the best of everything.
Unit 19
1.	take leave of   離開；告別
Diana has graduated and is going to take leave of her fellow students soon.
I heard that Mr. Wang got a new job and would take leave of his associates.
※ (1) take one's leave
John stood up and took his leave. 起身告退
(2) take leave of sb. 向某人告別
(3) take French leave 不辭而別
When he leaves, he seldom says good-bye. He always takes French leave.
2.	all the same   同樣地；仍然；依然
Your arguments are very convincing but, all the same, I don’t think that Russia will attack them.
It’s all the same to me whether we go or stay.
※ all the same 
(1)	當「依然；仍舊」解為副詞片語 = nevertheless = in spite of that = none the less = yet 如例1
(2)	當「完全一樣」時，為形容詞片語 be all the same = be all one = make no difference 如例2
3.	day in, day out / day after day   每天；一天又一天
Day in and day out he told me the same story.
Day in, day out, for a period of six months, he worked on his new novel.
※ year in, year out 年復一年
4.	in the past   在過去；向來
In the past he was a teacher and now he is a lawyer.
Such argument (has) often occurred in the past.
5.	in vain   無效；徒然
All the doctor’s efforts were in vain and the man soon died.
We tried in vain to reach him.
※ in vain
(1) 當adj. = useless = of no use = of no avail
(2) 當adv. = without result = without success = to no purpose = to no avail
6.	to put up with   容忍；忍受
I refuse to put up with his behavior any longer.
How do you put up with that noise all day long?
※ to put up with = to tolerate
7.	to be in the way妨礙；阻撓
He tried to help us but was simply in the way.
Is this chair in your way?
※ (1) in the way，the 可改為所有格
Don’t stand in the / my way. = Stand out of (my) way.
(2) in no way
He is no way better than I.
8.	to show off   買弄；炫燿
John swims well but I don’t like the way hw always shows off in front of everyone.
She wants to go out simply to show off her new clothes.
Nobody likes him because he is such a show-off.
※ show-off 為名詞，指「自大的人」。
9.	to go around   夠用；夠分配
If there aren’t enough chairs to go around, I can bring some from the other room.
So many people came that there were not enough sandwiches to go around.
10	. to put up   蓋；建造
They are putting up several new buildings in that block.
They are tearing down that old building in order to put up a new one.
※ (1) 可分雙字動詞
(2) put up ↔ tear down
(3) 當「舉起」解 = raise
Put up your hands, or I'll shoot.
當「留宿」解
Where are you going to put up for the night?
11. in favor of   
(in support of) 支持
(to the advantage of) 有利於
付給
I am in favor of a change. 支持
He resigned in favor of a better man. 有利於
He writes a check in favor of the bank. 付給
Unit 20
1.	pass away   去世；死去
She passed away peacefully in her sleep.
His grandfather passed away with a heart attack at the age of 75.
※ pass away = die
pass out = faint = pass on 
He unfortunately passed on last year.
2.	to run away   不告而別；逃走
He ran away from home when he was a child, and never returned.
They ran away and got married in Boston.
The horse became frightened and ran away.
※ run away from … 從 ~ 離開
3.	to bring up   撫養；養育；教養
His mother died when he was young, and his grandmother brought him up.
She was born in Texas but brought up in New England.
※ (1) 可分雙字動詞
(2) 養小孩長大成人用 bring up
養動物用 rear或raise
4.	grow up   長大；成人
What do you want to be when you grow up?
He grew up gentle and good.
※ grow up 要對方停止幼稚或愚蠢的行為
It is time to grow up.
5.	to tell apart / to tell one from the other   辨別；辨認
The two brothers look so much alike that no one can tell them apart.
The two coins looked so much alike that it was difficult to tell one from the other.
※ tell A from B = distinguish A from B = distinguish between A and B = tell A and B apart
6.	to run errands   跑腿；跑差事
When we need him to run an errand, he is never here.
William runs errands for all the neighbors.
※ (1) run errands = do errands = take errands = go on errands
(2) 亦可用run an errand
7.	to fool around   嬉戲；虛度光陰；遊手好閒；鬼混
Quit fooling around and get to work.
He is capable, but he fools around too much；he jokes with the girls, calls his friends on the telephone etc.
※ (1) fool around with sb. 與某人嘻鬧
He spends almost his whole lunch-hour fooling around with the girls.
(2) fool away = waste foolishly 虛擲，浪費
He fools away so much time on his stamp collection that he never gets anything done.
8.	to hold up   持槍搶劫；耽擱
They held up the owner and robbed him of everything.
That bank has been held up three times.
Four men took part in the hold-up.
Shipment of the merchandise was held up because of the railroad strike.
The traffic on the bridge was held up for several hours because of the accident.
※ (1) hold-up / holdup當名詞
(2) hold up = raise 舉起
9.	to set fire to / to set on fire   放火；焚燒
No one knows who set fire to the building.
Be careful with that match. You will set those curtains on fire.
※ set fire to sth. = set sth. on fire
be on fire 正在燃燒
The house is on fire.
10. to know sb. by sight   曾經見過；面熟
I have never met Mr. Reese; I simply know him by sight.
Although I have never spoken with either of them, I know them both by sight.
11. to get lost   迷路；迷失
While driving to Boston, we got lost and drove many miles out of our way.
John got lost in the woods and did get home until midnight.
※ to get lost = lose one's way ↔ find one's way
John got lost in the woods and did not get home until midnight.
Unit 21
1.	to be well off   富有的；小康的
They own their own home, have two automobiles, and seem to be very well-off.
His parents were once well-off but they lost all their money.
※ well off = rich = well-to-do
badly off = poor
Only the well-to-do can afford to own homes in that suburb.
2.	rob sb. of sth.  搶劫(某人)
He robbed me of almost everything I had.
The bandit robbed the merchant of his money.
※ rob sb. of sth.
steal sth. from sb.
He robbed her of the watch.
He stole the watch from her.
3.	in addition to   此外；而且
I don’t want to go； in addition, I’m too tired.
There is a postage and packing fee in addition to the repair charge.
※ in addition 後若有受詞則須加介詞 to
in addition = besides為副詞片語，表「此外」
in addition to + N = besides 為介詞片語，表「除…外，還包括」
比較except 的用法
All of us pass except Kim.
4.	to hand in   繳交
Every student has to hand in a composition each week.
All the salesmen hand in weekly reports.
※ 可分雙字動詞
hand in = turn in
5. somehow or other   設法；藉某種方法；不知道為什麼
I must get it finished somehow or other.
Somehow or other I don’t like him.
※ 設法 = in one way or another
不知道為什麼 = for one reason or another 
= for some reason or other
6. without fail   務必；一定地
I’ll pay you tomorrow without fail.
Return the book to me by the end of next month without fail.
7. to take … by surprise   使 ~ 驚訝
His offer took me completely by surprise.
The president’s announcement took everyone by surprise.
※ (1) 受詞為「人」置於take與by間
to take sb. by surprise = to surprise sb. = to take sb. aback
(2) 常用被動
The news took me by surprise.
= I was taken by surprise at the news.
= I was taken aback by the news.
= The news surprised me.
(3) 突襲
They were taken by surprise while sleeping.
8. name … after   以…..命名；以….取名
(to be given at birth the same name as another's)
Helen is named after her aunt.
He was named Rutherford after a former President of the United States.
※ name A after B = A was named after B
9. in no way   絶不；一點也不
She is in no way to blame.
In no way should the result be seen as a defeat for the government.
“He hasn’t become more boring, has he?” she laughs. “No, not in any way.”
※ (1) in no way = by no means = on no account = not in any way 皆為否定副詞採「倒裝」用法
(2) in no way = not in any way 一點也不
10. compare with   比較
His intelligence compares favorably with that of his brother.
The earth is only a baby when it is compared with many other bodies in the sky.
※ (1) compare with = in comparison with
He is rather dull in comparison with others.
(2) compare A with B 比較A與B
compare A to B 將A比喻為B
If you compare American English with British English, you will find many differences.
Man's life is often compared to a candle.
The writer compared the world to a stage.
Unit 22
1. to drop someone a line   寫封短信給 ~；留便條給 ~
As soon as I get to Florida, I’ll drop you a line.
If you have time, drop me a line now and then while you are abroad.
※ (1) drop sb. a line = drop a line to sb.
(2) 留話給某人 leave a message / leave word
He left a message with my secretary.
2. to the effect that   大意是說 ~
I received a cable to the effect that they accept our terms.
He spoke to the effect that we should all hasten to render the required help.
3.	to stand for   (1) 代表，象徵 (2) 容忍
( to represent) 代表，象徵 
(to tolerate) 容忍
In this code each number stands for a letter of the alphabet.
Each stripe in the American flag stands for one of the original thirteen colonies；each star stands for one of the fifty states.
She refuses to stand for his impoliteness any longer.
I don’t have to stand for such behavior.
※ (1) 當「容忍」解 = to tolerate = put up with
(2) 當「擁護、贊成」解
We all stand for free trade.
4. to give someone a ring   打電話給某人
I’ll give a ring as soon as I get there.
Give me a ring sometime next week and we’ll arrange to have dinner together.
※ (1) give sb. a ring = give sb. a call
(2) ring 當動詞
ring up = call up
I'll give you a call. = I'll ring you up. = I'll call you up.
(3) ring off 掛斷電話   ring back 回電
5.	to stand a chance   有機會；有可能
(to have the possibility)
The Brooklyn team stands a chance of winning the World Series this year.
Not having had any previous experience, John doesn’t stand a chance of getting that job.
※ (1) to stand a good chance
to stand a fair chance
to stand a poor chance
to stand a no chance
(2) to stand a chance of + N / V-ing…
You stand a good chance of success
6.	to take pains   費力；盡力；用心
She took great pains making the dress because it was to be her wedding dress.
He takes pains with everything that he does.
※ pain辛勞，恆用複數
＊ many pains
○ much pains
○ a lot of pains
7.	to look up to   (1) 敬佩 (2) 尊敬
(to admire) 敬佩(to respect) 尊敬Our director is a man whom everyone looks up to.
I admit that, as a hero, we must all look up to him.
※ look up to … as … 以 ~ 身分而尊敬之
They all looked up to him as their leader.
8.	to look down upon   輕視；瞧不起；藐視
After he became Governor, those who had called him names and looked down upon him as a cheap politician regretted their former attitude.
※ to look down upon = to scorn = to despise
9.	as (so) long as   如果；只要
Anything will do, so long as it is interesting.
I don’t mind being poor as long as I have my family with me.
※ as long as = provided that
10.	do one’s best   盡力(做 ~)
I don’t think you do your best at work.
Mr. Smith ： Can I have your report by 11?
Mrs. Wood ： I will do my level best to finish it.
※ do one's best = try one's best = do one's utmost
Unit 23
1. to show up   出現；露面
He promised to come on Tuesday but he never showed up.
Not one student showed up for the meeting.
※ (1) 主詞通常為人
(2) 為vi
2. to stay in   留在家裡
to stay out   不在家
We stay in almost every night and watch television.
He never stays in a single night. He goes out every night.
John stays out every night until midnight.
I promised my mother that I would not stay out late tonight.
4.	go to sea   (1) 做水手  (2) 航海
become a sailor   做水手
go on a voyage by sea   航海
When he was a boy, his greatest wish was to go to sea.
He will go to sea next month.
※ go to sea = follow the sea 做水手
put (out) to sea 出港
Next morning we will put (out) to sea.
4. to come across   (1) 偶然遇到；(2) 無意中發現
(to meet or find unexpectedly)
While cleaning the attic yesterday, I came across an old photograph of my mother.
I came across several interesting facts about Mexico in that book.
※ come across = come upon = run into = run across = bump into = happen to meet
5. to take over   接管；接收；接辦
()
After the first of the month William will take over Mr. Smith’s duties.
Helen worked on the report for several days and then John took it over.
※ (1) 可當 vt. / vi.
(2) take over ↔ hand over 移交
6. to make faces   扮鬼臉
The two children sat making faces at each other.
Stop making faces at me.
Instead of being pleased, he made a face when I told him the news.
※ (1) make faces at sb. 對 ~ 扮鬼臉
(2) make a face = pull a face扮鬼臉
(3) make / pull a long face 不高興
7. to one’s heart’s content   盡興地；隨心所欲地
He could experiment on growing plants to his heart’s content.
He drank to his heart’s content.
8. to make over   更新；修改
(to alter and make like new)
I want to have this old coat made over.
When Betty’s dresses go out of style, she makes them over.
He made over the mews into flats.
※ (1) 受詞為代名詞須置於make與over之間
(2) 亦可當「轉讓」「移交」，後接to
Just before his death he made over all his property to his wife.
9. to give birth to   生；生產
(to bear, bring forth children)
Jane’s mother has just given birth to twins.
Yesterday Mrs. Smith gave birth to a six-pound baby boy.
※ give birth to = be delivered of
His wife gave birth to a son.
Unit 24
1. to drop out   離去；不參加
Many students have dropped out of school on account of the war.
Two more teams dropped out of the league.
2. to set out   動身；起程
They set out at dawn in accordance with their commander’s orders.
He set out on foot early the next morning for Boston.
※ 後面接目的地須先加for
 set out for = start for = leave for = depart for
3. to stay up   遲睡；熬夜
I want to stay up tonight and listen to the shortwave broadcast from England.
He stays up every night until after one o’clock preparing his homework.
※ stay up = sit up = burn the midnight oil = work round the clock
4. to go in for   愛好；嗜好；沉迷於
John goes in for tennis while his wife goes in for painting and sculpture.
What sports do you go in for?
※ go in for = have an inclination for = have a great liking for 愛好
5. to make out (1) 做；成功 (2) 了解 (3) 準備 (4) 假裝
(to do, succeed) 做；成功 
(to understand) 了解 
(to prepare something)準備；指遺屬支票等 
(to pretend) 假裝
Hoe did you make out in your examination yesterday?
I’m sure John will make out well in that job.
The letter was so badly written that I could not make out what she had written.
No one could make out what he was talking about.
He made out his will last week.
John, will you please make out a check to pay the telephone bill?
Helen tried to make out that she was ill.
※ make up 做「填寫」解 = fill out
6. to bring to   使復甦；使甦醒
Helen fainted but the nurse gave her something which brought her to.
This medicine will surely bring him to.
※ (1) 受詞不論是名詞或代名詞一定要置於bring與to之間
(2) 有被動式： 
Several girls fainted in the heat but they were soon brought to.
(3) bring to = come to 但come to為不及物動詞
7. to believe in   信仰；深信
I really think that she believes in ghosts.
Nobody today believes in such things as giants and fairies.
※ believe sb. 相信某人所說的話
believe in sb. 對某人有信心
I believe him.
I believe in him.
8. to make sense   有意義；合理的
What you say does not make any sense to me.
To send troops abroad when we need them here simply does not make sense.
※ make sense of = understand 了解
Can you make sense of what the author says?
9. to carry out   實行；完成
They carried out their plan without difficulty.
The men refused to carry out the captain’s orders.
※ (1) 可分雙自動詞
(2) to carry out = to accomplish = to put sth. into practice
10. to drop in on   偶訪
()
If you are ever in our neighborhood, be sure to drop in on us.
Some old friends dropped in on us last night.
Unit 25
1. to keep up   保持同一速度或水準
If we can keep up this speed, we should arrive there in about two days.
The government wants to keep up farm prices at their present levels.
※ to keep up with = to keep pace with 與 ~ 並駕齊驅
2. bump into   碰撞；不期而遇
()
In his hurry he bumped into a man.
On my way downtown I bumped into an old friend whom I haven’t seen for years.
※ bump into = come across = come upon = run across = run into 偶遇
5.	to burst out crying  突然大哭
to burst out laughing   突然大笑
Everyone was quiet when John suddenly burst out laughing.
Every time she thought about him she burst out crying.
※ burst out + V-ing…
burst into + N.
burst out crying = burst into tears
burst out laughing = burst into laughter
6.	to stick up   豎立
to stick out   伸出
Your hair is sticking up in the back.
I could see one end of the letter sticking out of John’s pocket.
The doctor told me to stick out my tongue.
5. to get away   逃去；離去；逃脫
No one knows how he managed to get away from the police.
We always try to get away from the noise and heat of the city for a month or two each summer.
※ 逃去；離去 = to leave
逃脫 = escape
get away from 從某處逃離
6. to let on   洩露；透露
Don’t let to Helen that we are going to the movie tonight.
He asked me not to let on to anyone that we were planning the birthday party.
※ (1) let on = reveal
(2) 亦可當「假裝，裝作」解
He let on that he was a doctor.
7. to make up 
(1) to compensate for some loss or absence 補償
(2) to become reconciled after a quarrel 和解
(3) to invent or to fabricate 虛構 
(4) to apply cosmetics 化妝
(5) to form 組成；構成
If you miss a lesson, we can make it up later.
John was absent from the examination and has to take a make-up exam tomorrow.
After the quarrel the two young lovers kissed and made up.
Why don’t you two children make up and forget all about your quarrel?
That story which John told was not true；he made it all up.
She made up a long story about being out of town at the time.
Do you like to see women make up in public?
Helen uses a lot of make-up.
We need one more player to make up a team.
The team is made up of 10 players.
8. to meet someone half-way   妥協；讓步；遷就
They are ready to meet us half-way in the matter of price.
In an effort to end the strike, the owner agreed to meet the strikers half-way.
※ to meet someone half-way = compromise
9. to serve one right   罪有應得；接受應得的處罰
It served him right to lose that job, because he never appreciated it.
It serves you right to have lost your purse. You were always too careless with it.
※ 常用句型：It serve sb right to-v…
it為虛主詞
10. to check up / to check on / to check up on檢查；審查；調查
They are checking up (checking on, checking up on) that information right now.
He has hired a detective to check up (check on, check up on) all of the man’s past activities.
I want to go to the doctor and have a general check-up.
※ check up 為可分雙字動詞，check on 及check up on為不可分
check in登記後投宿旅館；check out 結帳後離開旅館
They checked in at eight o'clock in the morning, and would check out the next day.
Unit 26
1. to knock out   擊昏；擊倒
Joe knocked him out with one punch.
The stone struck her on the head and knocked her out for several minutes.
The fight was won only by a knock-out.
※ (1) knock out 可分雙字動詞
(2) knock-out 為名詞，指「獲勝的一擊」「十分迷人的人或物」
John's new girl friend is certainly a knock-out.
2. to stand out   顯著；傑出；突出
Her bright red hair made her stand out from the others.
He is a tall, distinguished looking man who stands out in any crowd.
※ (1) to stand out = to be prominent = to be outstanding
(2) stand out against 某種事物襯托之下而顯得突出
The church tower stood out clearly against the fading sky.
3. to cheer up   使高興；振作起來
We all tried to cheer her up, but she continued to feel very disappointed.
I have some news which I am sure will cheer John up.
※ 可當 vt. vi.，若當vt.則受詞應放在up之前
4. to stick to   依附；堅持；固守
He has had five different jobs in the last year because he never sticks to anything very long.
If you stick to it long enough you can find the answer to that problem.
※ (1) to stick to = to adhere to = persevere = be constant
(2) stick to 忠於
One should stick to one's country.
swear loyalty to the country 宣示效忠國家
5. to stick someone   欺騙
Be careful in dealing with him. He’ll stick you at the first opportunity.
They certainly stuck me when I bought this car.
※ (1) stick someone = cheat someone
(2) 被動為 to be stuck / to get stuck
If you paid more than three hundred dollars for that old car, you got stuck
I certainly got stuck when I bought this suit; every time I go out in the rain, it shrinks some more.
6. to live up to遵從；達到
(to reach or maintain a certain high standard)
John never lives up to the promises he makes.
It was clear that he would never live up to this family’s expectations.
※ live做 reach解
7. to go wrong   出毛病；發生故障
Something went wrong with the motor, and we had to have our car pulled to the garage.
I am sure that something has gone wrong, otherwise they would have arrived long ago.
※ (1) go wrong = fail
(2) go wrong 做「墮落」解
In a large city many girls go wrong every year.
8. to build up   增加；加強
He needs good tonic to build up this strength.
They are trying to build up their army to pre-war strength.
※ to build up = to increase = make stronger
9. to come about   發生；產生
How did the accident come about?
The flood came about as a result of the heavy spring rains.
※ come about 為vi.，無被動
come about = happen = occur = take place
Unit 27
1. to fall off   落下；減少
(to fall from sth.)
Henry fell off his bicycle.
The picture fell off the wall and broke.
Our sales have fallen off seriously during the past six months.
Business conditions are bad at present and his commissions have fallen off.
※ fall off 當「從…掉下來」解，為vt.
當「下跌，減少，退步」解，為vi.
2. to lay off   暫時解雇；資遣
During this season of the year they often lay off many workers at that plant.
If business continues to be slow, we may have to lay off one or two people.
Was John fired or laid off?
※ (1) to lay off = to dismiss temporarily
(2) lay-off為名詞
(3) lay off 當「停止做 ~ (不好/討厭的事)」
Lay off teasing.
3. to fall through   失敗；不能實現
Our plan for a big picnic fell through.
We wanted to go to Europe this summer but our plan fell through.
※ fall to the ground 一敗塗地
4. to turn over   翻轉；顛倒；移交
The car turned over twice before falling into the river.
If you turn over a turtle on its back, it becomes helpless.
Mr. Smith will turn over his work to Miss Reese when he goes away.
He has decided to turn over his business to his son.
※ to turn over = to overturn = place upside down 
= to transfer to another
5. to one’s disappointment   令人失望的是…..
To my disappointment the book was out of print.
To his mother’s disappointment, he failed in the exam.
※ to + 所有格 + 情緒名詞 表「令某人 ~ 的是」
to one's joy / delight / pleasure令人高興的是
to one's surprise / astonishment / amazement 令人滿意的是
to one's satisfaction 令人滿意的是
6. rule out   排除；否絶
You can’t rule out the possibility of assassination.
The proposal was rules out for it was out of date.
※ rule out = reject
7. to have it in for   憎恨；憎惡；伺機報復
He expected to lose his job because the boss had it in for him for a long time.
The teacher has had it in for John ever since the time that he insulted her in front of the class.
※ (1) to have it in for = to dislike 
(2) 此動詞片與的受詞通常是人，無被動式
take one's revenge = have one's revenge 報仇
He said he would take his revenge on me.
8. talk … into   信服；勸服
He talked them into carrying out the plan.
His wife talked him into buying a new house.
※ (1) tale … into = persuade
(2) talk sb. into + V-ing…
talk sb. out of + V-ing… = dissuade sb. from doing sth.
She talked him out of a foolish plan.
9. to have it out with   與 ~ 起糾紛；和 ~ 攤牌；揭露真相
I have suspected him of lying for a long time, and today we are going to have it out.
Instead of waiting, it is better to have it out with him right away.
※ to have it out with = to quarrel with = confront
10. to hold out   繼續供應；足以維持；力足抵抗
If our supplies hold out, we will camp here for another week.
I will stay in Mexico as long as my money holds out.
Our troops cannot hold out much longer against the superior forces of the enemy.
※ 繼續供應 = to continue in supply
足以維持 = prove to be sufficient
力足抵抗 = to resist
11. to give in   屈服；投降；退讓
Completely surrounded by our troops, the money finally gave in.
They gave in to the strikers’ demands.
※ to give in = to surrender
       Unit 28
1. to let up   減弱；減少
If the rain lets up a little, they may begin the parade.
It has rained for three days without letting up.
※ to let up = to slacken = lessen in intensity
2. to bring back   退還
to take back   送回
If you don’t like it then you get home, you can always bring it back.
You can borrow it if you promise to bring it back tomorrow.
If I were you, I’d take those gloves back and get my money.
I took the book back to the library yesterday.
※ (1) 可分雙字動詞
(2) bring back 從他處拿來
take back 從此處拿走
3. to wait up for   等候至深夜不睡
(to wait until very late without going to bed at the usual time)
Don’t wait up for me tonight. I may be very late.
We waited up for him until two o’clock and then finally.
4. to read over   匆匆越過；略為閱讀
(to glance over / to run over)
The teacher said that she didn’t have time to correct my composition but she did read it over.
He glanced over my report and said that it seemed to be all right.
Let’s run over this new list of price once more.
※ read over = glance over = run over
5. to break off   終止；斷絕
We may break off relations with that country.
Diplomatic relations were broken off between the two countries several years before the war began.
※ break off = terminate
6. to let someone or something alone   聽任；別管；避開
Let him for a while and he may go to sleep.
The plant will grow much better if you let it alone.
After the dog had bitten him once or twice, Peter let it alone.
※ to let sth. / sb. alone = leave sth. / sb. alone
7. on the whole   大致上；大體上；就全體而論
He is, on the whole, a good student.
On the whole, I agree with you.
※ on the whole = generally speaking = in general = generally
8. to bring out   生產；出示
They try to bring out one new book each month.
Most of the automobile companies bring out new models of their cars each year.
The clerk brought out several different types of gloves for us to examine.
※ (1) 生產 bring out = produce = present
出示 bring out = expose = show
(2) bring out 為可分雙字動詞
9. to wear down   (1) 磨損 (2) 使疲倦虛弱
(to reduce gradually through the process of wear) 磨損
(become weak and tired) 使疲倦虛弱
The heels of your shoes are worn down on one side.
A long disease has worn him down.
10. as a result   因此；結果
His health is poor, and as a result, he has to stay in bed.
Her mother was very ill, and, as a result, she left school.
※ (1) as a result = consequently = therefore 因此
(2) as a result of + N 由於…
As a result of his poor health, he has to stay in bed.
As a result of her mother's sickness, she left school.
11. have no choice but    (1) 不得不  (2) 忍不住；禁不住
The gasoline is running out, so we have no choice but to drive the car to the nearest gas station.
There was no buses, so we had no choice but to go home by taxi.
※ have no choice but + to-v
can't help + V-ing
can't but + VR
We can't help admiring her beauty.
We can't but admire her beauty.
12. let alone   更不必說；遑論
I wouldn’t walk as far as the corner today, let alone go to the zoo with you.
He doesn't even speak his own language well, let alone French.
※ let alone = not to mention = to say nothing of = not to speak of
Unit 29
1. to have one’s heart set on   渴望；傾心於
She has her heart set on taking a trip.
For years he was had his heart set on buying that property.
※ have one's heart set on = set one's heart on + N / V-ing…
2. to work out   進展；設計；結果變成
Don’t worry. Everything will work out all right.
We must work out some plan to increase sales.
※ 進展 = develop設計 = devise
結果變成 = turn on
3. to sell out   (1) 售完 (2) 清理
(to sell completely) 售完
(liquidate) 清理
They sold out their entire stock within a few hours.
There was a sign in the ticket-office saying："All Sold Out!"
The sign in the shop window read：“Big Sale! Tremendous Savings! Selling Out!
※ sell out ↔ buy in
4. to look out upon   (1) 面對 (2) 俯視
(to face) 面對
(overlook) 俯視”
Our apartment looks out upon the river.
Their rear windows look out upon a lovely garden.
5. turn to   求助於；著手；開始 (工作) ；查閱
I have no one but you to turn to.
It’s time we turn to our work.
We turned to a dictionary for guidance.
※ turn to 求助於；著手
turn into 變成
turn against 反抗
It is said that the magician can turn paper into money.
He turned against his motherland. 背叛祖國
6. to be cut out for   使 ~ 適合；有 ~ 的才能
John is certainly nit cut to be a lawyer.
Why should I try to do that kind of work when I know very well that I am not cut out for it.
※ to be cut out for = to be designed for = have talent for 
7. to be all set to do something   準備做某事
We were all set to leave when it started to rain.
We were all set to sign the agreement when Mr. Smith backed out.
※ to be set to do sth. = to be ready to do sth. = to be prepared to do sth. 準備就緒
8. to beat about the bush   旁敲側擊；拐彎抹角
Instead of beating about the bush, John came straight to the point.
He beats about the bush so much that no one knows exactly what he wants.
※ to beat about the bush = to beat around bush
9. to stir up   惹起；引起；鼓勵；激勵
He’s always trying to stir up everything with his arguments about politics.
They are trying to stir up trouble between the owners of the plant and the workers.
※ (1) stir up = arouse / incite
(2) make / cause a stir引起軒然大波
10. to set forth   動身；啟程；提出
We all set forth on our journey in the highest spirits.
The speaker set forth his arguments in a convincing manner.
※ set forth for + 目的地 = set out for +目的地 = set off for +目的地
Unit 30
1 . beware of   當心；注意
Beware of pickpockets.
Beware of bad company.
2. to catch on   理解；明白
To me, it was a very funny story, but when I told it nobody seemed to catch on.
Did you catch on to what John said?
Since she doesn’t understand English well, she did not catch on to any of the jokes we told.
※ catch on為vi 故先加to再接受詞
※ catch on = understand
3. ten to one   十之八九；非常可能地
(very probably) 十之八九；非常可能地
Ten to one, Maria will answer the door if we ring the doorbell.
Ten to one, he will explain the matter in person.
※ ten to one = nine out of ten
4. to be taken in   受騙
take someone in   欺騙某人
She was taken in by his smooth manner of taking and gave him all her savings to invest for her.
He certainly took us in with his stories about his experiences in Mexico.
※ (1) to be taken in = = to be deceived = be cheated 受騙(被動)
(2) take someone in = deceive someone = cheat someone 欺騙某人(主動)
5. at stake   得失攸關；瀕於危險
Her property is at stake.
His life is at stake.
※ at stake = in danger 做Adj / Adv
6. to be up to something   計畫；圖謀；策劃
What are those two boys up to?
They believe the men are spies, but no one knows what they are up to.
What are you up to now?
※ be up to something 常指不好的事情
7. to put an end to   結束；終止
You must put an end to that kind of gossip.
It is up to the police to put an end to these robberies.
※ to put an end to = bring something to an end
8. to get even with   報復；報仇
He once played a mean trick on John, and now John wants to get even with him.
I’ll get even with you for this.
He says that he will get even with her if it takes ten years.
※ 表「報仇」
be revenged on sb.
revenge oneself on sb.
take revenge on sb.
9. beside oneself   發狂；忘形
()
She was beside herself with anger.
He was beside himself with excitement at the news of his passing the entrance exam.
※ 若因某種情緒因素而發狂，則須再加介詞with
10. cool down   變冷靜
It took me a long time to cool down after the argument.
I tried to cool her down but was too angry.
※ (1) cool down = cool off
(2) cool down 可當vi. / vt.
